README.md, before:

A simple Cyberpunk 2077 archive extractor.

See docs/cyberpunk2077-archive-format.txt for details on the file format.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or distribute this
software, either in source code form or as a compiled binary, for any purpose,
commercial or non-commercial, and by any means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors of this
software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the software to the public
domain. We make this dedication for the benefit of the public at large and to
the detriment of our heirs and successors. We intend this dedication to be an
overt act of relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to
this software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <http://unlicense.org/>

Commit message:

Add some notes mentioning the ZenHAX forums.

README.md, after:

A simple Cyberpunk 2077 archive extractor.

See docs/cyberpunk2077-archive-format.txt for details on the file format.

Thanks to the ZenHAX forums which I only just discovered while searching for
some hints on the compression algorithm. There's a Cyberpunk 2077 post running
over there which will probably eventually cover this stuff in much more detail
by people much smarter and more qualified than me:

    Compression Signatures:      https://zenhax.com/viewtopic.php?t=27
    Oodle Function Declarations: https://zenhax.com/viewtopic.php?t=7292
    Cyberpunk 2077 Archives:     https://zenhax.com/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=14565
    
If you're interested in this kind of stuff and haven't heard of ZenHAX, head on
over - there's lots of good stuff there!


Source Code
-----------
Although this project is extremely niche, the code here is written like a
library to hopefully make it useful in case I want to later build a proper
program(s) for working with Cyberpunk 2077 files later on down the track (not
just archives, but also save games, textures, audio, etc.) Let me know if you
have any suggestions or feature requests and I'll consider it.

The code is public domain. I encourage you to do whatever you like with it!
Just make sure you don't go around redistributing any of the extracted assets.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or distribute this
software, either in source code form or as a compiled binary, for any purpose,
commercial or non-commercial, and by any means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors of this
software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the software to the public
domain. We make this dedication for the benefit of the public at large and to
the detriment of our heirs and successors. We intend this dedication to be an
overt act of relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to
this software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <http://unlicense.org/>
